doc: Ssr doc improvements (#1312)
SAP/spartacus-docs: _pages/dev/ssr/server-side-rendering-optimization.md

The SSR optimization engine addresses these issues as follows:

- The optimization engine queues incoming requests.
- The engine renders only a certain number of queued pages before the rest of the queue defaults to client-side rendering (CSR), unless you have set the `reuseCurrentRendering` option to ensure incoming requests wait for the current render to finish, instead of falling back to CSR.

> - Pages are served in SSR mode if they can be rendered in a given time (that is, within the time that is specified by a timeout).

Reviewer: 👍

- If the engine falls back to CSR because the SSR render takes too long, once the SSR page is rendered, it is stored in memory and served with the subsequent request.
- The CSR app is served with the `Cache-Control:no-store` header to ensure it is not cached by the caching layer. Note that CSR renders should *never* be cached.
- If the render is taking too long to finish, the engine will release its concurrency slot and provide a warning about the hanging render.
- The rendered SSR pages *should* be cached (for example, using a CDN) to ensure subsequent requests do not hit the SSR server. This reduces the server load and reduces CSR fallbacks to the least amount possible. For more information, see [Recommended Setup for Server-Side Rendering]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link _pages/dev/ssr/recommended-server-side-rendering-setup.md %}).

> **Caution:** Notifications about hanging renders should be taken seriously because the optimization engine does not release the resources related to a hanging render. If the root of the problem is not addressed in the application code, the server's resources can quickly become depleted.

Reviewer: 👍

The SSR optimization engine addresses these issues as follows:

- The optimization engine queues incoming requests
- Only a certain number of queued pages are rendered before the rest of the queue defaults to Client-Side Rendering (CSR). With a new option available from Spartacus 3.4, the incoming requests can wait for the current render to finish instead of falling back to CSR.
- Pages are served in SSR mode if they can be rendered in a given time (that is, within the time that is specified by a timeout)
- If the engine falls back to CSR because the SSR render takes too long, once the SSR page is rendered, it is stored in memory and served with the subsequent request
- The CSR app is served with the `Cache-Control:no-store` header to ensure it is not cached by the caching layer.

> - If the render is taking too long to finish, the engine will release its concurrency slot and notify about the hanging render. However, it will not release the resources taken by the hanging render. Therefore, these warnings should be taken seriously, as the server's resources could be quickly depleted if the route of the problem is not addressed in the application code.

Reviewer 2: Add a warning to this. Make sure they read it :)

  **Note:** CSR renders should _never_ be cached.

> - The rendered SSR pages _should_ be cached (for example, using CDN) to ensure subsequent requests do not hit the SSR server. This reduces the server load and reduces CSR fallbacks to the least amount possible. To see the recommended SSR setup, please see [recommended SSR setup page](./server-side-rendering-setup.md).

Reviewer 3: Would be good to note that using Spartacus SSR  'cache:true' option is not recommended for production.

Author: It is recommended to _not_ use it here: https://github.com/SAP/spartacus-docs/pull/1312/files#diff-3264b751e1ad68e616c03382c7d6c67ee5b7b55f5ff2e6b75fdc57f8dfaa4fe2R106

Let me know if you think we should emphasize it again here.

const ngExpressEngine = NgExpressEngineDecorator.get(engine, { timeout: 1000 });
```

The full list of parameters is described below.

## Configuring the SSR Optimization Engine

You can configure the SSR optimization engine with a number of settings, which are described in the following sections.

### timeout

The `timeout` setting is a number that indicates the amount of time (in milliseconds) during which the SSR server tries to render a page, before falling back to CSR. Once the delay has expired, the server returns the `index.html` of the CSR, which does not contain any pre-rendered markup. The CSR app (`index.html`) is served with a `Cache-Control:no-store` header. As a result, it is not stored by the cache layer. SSR pages do not contain this header because it is preferable to cache SSR pages.

In the background, the SSR server continues to render the SSR version of the page. Once this rendering finishes, the page is placed in a local cache (in-memory) to be returned the next time it is requested. By default, the server clears the page from its cache after returning it for the first time.

A `timeout` value of `0` will instantly return the CSR page.

> The default value is `3000` milliseconds. The recommended value depends on the needs of your application. The value can be relatively big if there is a proper caching layer strategy in place, such as a CDN.

Reviewer: 👍

You can configure the SSR optimization engine with a number of parameters, which are described as follows:

### timeout

`Timeout` is a number that indicates the amount of time (in milliseconds) during which the SSR server tries to render a page, before falling back to CSR. Once the delay has expired, the server returns the `index.html` of the CSR, which does not contain any pre-rendered markup. The CSR app (`index.html`) is served with a `Cache-Control:no-store` header. As a result, it is not stored by the cache layer. SSR pages do not contain this header because it is preferable to cache SSR pages.

> In the background, the SSR server continues to render the SSR version of the page. Once this rendering finishes, the page is placed in a local cache to be returned the next time it is requested. By default, the server clears the page from its cache after returning it for the first time. _It is assumed and recommended that you are using an additional layer to cache pages externally (e.g. a CDN)_ (see [recommended SSR setup page](./server-side-rendering-setup.md)).

Reviewer 2: Once this rendering finishes, the page is placed in a local cache (in memory) to be returned...

Reviewer 2: Add a warning to the CDN part. Make sure they read it :)

A value of 0 will instantly return the CSR page.

The default value is `3000` milliseconds.

Recommendation: depending on the applications needs. Can be relatively big, assuming there is a proper caching layer strategy in place (e.g. CDN).

### cache

> `cache` is a boolean that enables the built-in in-memory cache for pre-rendered URLs. This option is _not_ related to any kind of external caching layer (e.g. CDN). Even when this value is `false`, the cache is used to temporarily store the pages that finish rendering after the CSR fallback, so they can be served with the next request (after which, the cache is cleared). These temporarily cached responses are served with `cache-control: 'no-store'` HTTP header, in order to avoid caching them in an external caching layer.

Author: You're right, it's a mistake. Removed that sentence.

> **Note:** The cache should be used carefully to avoid running out of memory. Using the `cacheSize` attribute can help avoid this.

Reviewer 2: I think we need to emphasize that the "cache" is just server memory and it can cause memory leaks, running out of memory or server stalling.

Author: Nice, added.

Recommendation: generally, it is _not_ recommended to use the `cache` option, as there are better ways to turn on the caching (e.g. having a CDN).

### cacheSize

`cacheSize` is a number that limits the cache size to a specific number of entries. This option helps to keep memory usage under control.

The `cacheSize` property can also be used when the `cache` option is set to false. This then limits the number of timed-out renders that are kept in a temporary cache, waiting to be served with the next request.

> Recommendation: should be set according to the server's resources (e.g. RAM). It is recommended to set it, regardless if the `cache` option is disabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Recommendation: `cacheSize` should be set according to the server's resources (e.g. RAM). It is recommended to set it, regardless if the `cache` option is disabled.
```

### concurrency

`concurrency` is a number that indicates how many concurrent requests are treated before defaulting to CSR. Usually, when the concurrency increases (more renders being done at the same time) the slower the response is for each request. To fine-tune it and keep response time reasonable, you can limit the maximum number of concurrent requests. All requests that are unable to render because of this will fall back to CSR. If the `reuseCurrentRendering` is enabled, multiple requests for the same rendering key (i.e. request URL, by default) will take up only one concurrency slot.

The default value is `20`.

> Recommendation: it should be set according to the server's resources available (i.e. CPU). The high concurrency number could have a negative impact on the performance, as the CPU will try to render a large number of requests concurrently, effectively slowing down the response times.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Recommendation: `concurrency` should be set according to the server's resources available (i.e. CPU). The high concurrency number could have a negative impact on the performance, as the CPU will try to render a large number of requests concurrently, effectively slowing down the response times.
```

### ttl

> `ttl` (time to live) is a number that indicates the amount of time (in milliseconds) before a pre-rendered page is considered stale and needs to be rendered again. This option is used regardless if the `cache` option is enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`ttl` (time to live) is a number that indicates the amount of time (in milliseconds) before a cached page is considered stale and needs to be rendered again on the next request. This option is used regardless if the `cache` option is enabled.
```

> Recommendation: should be set according to your business needs, and for how long you want to keep the stale render in cache before evicting it. Should be set regardless if the `cache` option is enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Recommendation: ttl` should be set according to your business needs, and for how long you want to keep the stale render in cache before evicting it. Should be set regardless if the `cache` option is enabled.
```

### renderKeyResolver

> `renderKeyResolver` is a function that accepts `(req: Request) => string`, which maps the current request to a specific render key. The `renderKeyResolver` allows you to override the default key generator so that you can differentiate between rendered pages with custom keys.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`renderKeyResolver` is a function with the signature `(req: Request) => string`, which maps the current request to a specific render key. The `renderKeyResolver` allows you to override the default key generator so that you can differentiate between rendered pages with custom keys.
```

> By default, `renderKeyResolver` it uses the full request URL.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, `renderKeyResolver` uses the full request URL.
```

Recommendation: it is recommended to use the default Spartacus rendering key resolver, especially in cases when your domain contains a base site information (e.g. `my.site.au` or `my.site.rs`).

### renderingStrategyResolver

> `renderingStrategyResolver` is a function that accepts `(req: Request) => RenderingStrategy`, which allows you to define custom rendering strategies for each request. The available `RenderingStrategy` strategies work as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`renderingStrategyResolver` is a function with the signature `(req: Request) => RenderingStrategy`, which allows you to define custom rendering strategies for each request. The available `RenderingStrategy` strategies work as follows:
```

- `ALWAYS_CSR` always returns client-side rendered pages

> - `DEFAULT` is the default behavior

Reviewer 3: What is the default behavior?

Author: Added `obeys the provided `SsrOptimizationOptions`.`

> - `ALWAYS_SSR` aLways returns server-side rendered pages

Reviewer 3: Does it always return SSR or there are some exceptions? (e.g. concurrency, etc.)

Author: added one exception for `forcedSsrTimeout`

Recommendation: strongly recommended to set. Adjust according to your needs and expectation.

**Note**: This option is available in the latest patch versions of 3.1.x and later.

### reuseCurrentRendering

`reuseCurrentRendering` - Instead of immediately falling back to CSR while a render for the same rendering key is in progress, this option will make the subsequent requests for this rendering key wait for the current render. All pending requests for the same rendering key will take up only _one_ concurrency slot, because there is only one actual rendering task being performed. Each request independently honors the `timeout` option.

E.g., consider the following setup where `timeout` option is set to 3s, and the given request takes 4s to render. The flow is as follows:

- 1st request arrives and triggers the SSR.
- 2nd request for the same URL arrives 2s after the 1st one. Instead of falling back to CSR, it waits (with its own timeout) for the render of the first request.
- 1st request times out after 3s, and falls back to CSR.
- one second after the timeout, the current render finishes.
- the 2nd request returns SSR after only 2s of waiting.

> Recommendation: recommended to enable, as it will smartly use the serve the server-side renders to multiple requests for the same URL. Might require more server resources (e.g. RAM).

Reviewer 3: > it will smartly use the serve the server-side renders to multiple requests for the same URL

Although I know your intention, I'm having hard time to understand this sentence.

Author: lol, thanks for catching it :)
